Israeli forces have again targeted
residential areas in Rafa gaza's Health
Ministry says at least 12 people were
killed in the latest attack on the city
more than 1.5 million people are taking
shelter there the Israeli military's
continued strikes ignore the UN security
council's resolution calling for an
immediate ceasefire in Gaza aljaz hany
Mahmud is in Rafa he's joining us live
hany so tell us about this strike in uh
on Rafa and more generally I mean these
air strikes on Rafa happen almost almost
every day are you able to discern or
make out what the Israeli military is
targeting yes well not only intense
attacks across Rafa City but also the
constant buzz sound of a drones causing
and grinding physically and mentally on
people causing sleep deprivation coupled
with the massive strikes on on
residential homes across the city from
the eastern part of it all the way to
the evacuation Zone in the western part
of moas evacuation so we look at early
hours of last night all the way to just
within the past hour uh almost five
residential homes have been attacked
relentlessly four people have been
confirmed killed and transferred to uh
naar hospital with close to 25 of
different injuries all reported to
either here Kuwait Hospital or a Nar
hospital or Gaza European Hospital given
given the location or depending on the
location where the residential H that
have been targeted but also not only
residential homes we're also looking at
Farmland livestock Farms have been
targeted as well just causing further
destruction not only now to the physical
landscape of the city but also the
resources and areas that provide
supplies and some food supplies for the
1.5 million this Place Palestinians
across Rafa City the Israeli military
just we're looking at little less than
48 hours after the the resolution
demanding an immediate seize fire was
passed and an intense bombing campaign
concentrated in rafah city and what
seems to be Netanyahu and his War
cabinet just make want to make want to
confirm that only military options are
working across the Gaza Strip and
further confirm his ongoing threats of
expanding the military ground invasion
in Raa City Han Mahmud reporting live
from Rafa in the southern part of the
Gaza Strip hold on honey before I let
you go you just informed us that there's
been a raid on alasa Hospital a little
further north from Rafa that's in Kan
yunes what do you know about
that yes well within the past two days
the Israeli military under heavy
coverage of attack drones and Military
Choppers and tanks and armored vehicle
pushed deeper into the vicinity of Naser
hospital all the way to the western part
of the city around the vicinity of Al
AML hospital where it blocked the
entrance of the hospital with pile of
dirts and Sands and ordering people to
evacuate and then send them them back
inside the buildings and later on
ordering sharply the medical staff the
injuries the patients the evacuates to
leave immediately with their underwear
on only today at early hours of this
morning thean military pushed deeper
into theer hospital and it stormed the
facility one more time and causing a
great deal of damage and something
similar to uh what's going on in a shifa
hospital also happening under a list of
of of allegations the primary among them
is the presence of of of operatives and
Hamas Associates inside the
hospital h m reporting from Rafa thank
you very much honey